## Week of 12-12-21
### 12/12/21
#### Going Into It
So! It's been a while, and I want to keep working on this project.
Looking at my last devlog, I wanted to understand the relationships between the main objects in a way that can be easily
modelled and understood for SQL.
Immediately, I'm thinking about using ORM to achieve this, but there might be another way.

Now, looking at the 'NPC Register' project, I still need to finish my SQLite implementations.
Thankfully, understanding the relationships between the core objects is part of that understanding.
How about I create a new script and see what happens?

#### Todays Goals
- [x] Design NPC Relationships
- [x] Begin Creation of Low-Fidelity Database Framework

#### In Closing
What a day to get stuff done!
Both goals were met, but there is more to be done.
I created the file 'Table Creation.sql' and fiddled around with it.
Now we have a FULLY WORKING SQL DATABASE!
WOOO!
> I'm really happy I got this __mostly__ done today.'

I was trying to create a method of reading from the database even after
the initial reading, but I understood this new process:

OnProjectLoad --> SQL Data to C# Data

OnData Change --> C# to C#

OnProjectClose --> C# Data to SQL Data

Basically, while the project is open and the user is producing work,
there is no need to read from a the database. The only time reading and
writing will occur is at the beginning or the end of a work session.

I created a few functions before I understood this important detail,
but alas the effort has not been in vain.

For future Nik:
- Those functions weren't a waste, repurpose them for when you create
'SaveProject'
- Work on Converting SQL to C# objects.

### 13/12/21
#### Going Into It
Righo, so last we left off, we had created a draft for the SQL data structure.
Past Nik left me with trying to implement
- Creating a Library of GMCM SQLite Commands and
- Creating the classes to house the SQL data

Luckily, another past Nik had begun work on 'CMObjects.cs', so there is a bit
to go off, so we don't have to start from scratch.
#### Goals
We are still just trying to get a finished NPC Register, so we only need to 
use:
- ItemTemplates
- ItemInstances
- NPC
So, the following classes need to be created:
- [] Item
- [] NPC
So, the following functions need to be created:
- [] CreateInstanceFromTemplate() //In future, CreateTemplateFromInstance?
- [] AddInstanceToInventory()
- [] CreateNewNpc()
// We can create some delete and alter functions later.
#### Closing Off
Okay, so in the end most of the goals weren't completed, since as we went along
the problem questions shifted.
The Data Transfer question has been mainly answered, resulting in this process:
`Database.db --> DataSet data; --> Workspace Memory`
When changes have been made to the Workspace memory, it is saved to the DataSet.
That's the current understanding, now I have to create functions around this new
system I've created.

### 16/12/21
#### Getting Started
So, it's been a few days and I've had a bit to think about.
I keep going back to 'idealising' how this project should be.
I need to have a guiding light but not lose focus on the steps before me.

Ok, last I was here, I found out how to read from a database file.
```cs
Database >> Dataset
```
Now, todays goal is to streamline this process through creating
```cs
OnProjectLoad(){}
```
and then working on
```cs
Database << Dataset
```
and streamlining it through
```cs
OnProjectSave(){}
```
#### Goals
- [x] OnProjectLoad()
- [x] OnProjectSave()

#### In Closing...
I am very happy with how today went.

Completely reworked the `DataWorker` class into the `DataManager` class, and started
to really comprehend the wonders of indexing data entries. Completely implemented
`OnProjectLoad()` and `OnProjectSave()`
and even thought of a theory for identifying changes within a dataset for `OnProjectSave()`
optimisation [here](https://github.com/NIk0l41/GMCampaignManager/issues/3).

Just really happy :D

Alas, next time I work on this `DataManager.cs` needs to start being useful.
So, class implementation and actually making the software work in practice, not only
in theory.

Best of luck, future Nik.

### 17/12/21
#### Getting Into It
So, after some panic w/Manu I'll be able to continue production over the next week.
Moving on, I've given the DataManger some thought, and considered that similar offloading
will need to occur with other classes.

#### Goals
- [x] Model the DataWorker Relationships

#### In Closing
Finished the modelling and started work on the classes, but my brain feels fried for some reason,
so I'll leave it there for the time being.

Good luck future Nik :D

### This Week in Review
This was quite a productive week!
I'm very happy with the attained progress and the direction it's all heading
in. Honestly, all I've been able to think about is getting the back-end data
transfer system complete, so that's what I'm going to work on.

Application functionality can come after I understand how to actually interact
with the database.

Best of luck!
- Nik