## Week of 19/12/21
### 19/12/21
#### Getting Into It
Starting off today, we'll be looking at sketch '17122021-0.jpg'
The new cata conceptual structure is based off of this sketch.

#### Goals
- [ ] Understand the functions required for each 'Agent' present
- [ ] Create 'Agent' Classes
- [ ] Progress on 'Agent' Function Implementation

### 21/12/21
#### Getting Into It
So, last devsess didn't last very long, and I don't think this one will
either. But alas! We push forward and strive towards progress.

Today will focus '19122021-0.jpg' and understanding how the Indexes
interact with the other Agents to modify and read the data.

### 22/12/21
#### Starting off...
Trying to figure out Issue #4 regarding Update Log Structure.
This in turn will aid with the progress of Issue #3.

#### Goals
- [x] Create a Data Structure to house entry change data.
- [ ] Create the `ModifyDataSet()` function

#### Closing Off
Today was quite productive!
Moving forward, I would like to start work on the Manager classes 
and working on the DataSet Engineer's asynchronous UpdateLogReceive 
mechanism.

### 23/12/21
#### Cracking on
Yesterday was a good day for the DataSet Engineer. Todays tasks will 
focus on the UI and the Managers that are responsible for it.
Considering our current agents and the state of our UI, it may be ideal
to start implementing some rudimentary functionality to the application.

Although: We still haven't gotten the Database Priest to write to the
database using the udpate logs. That is the clincher for SQLite
Implementation and Issue #3. First priority is to address this.

#### Goals
- [x] Implement Write to Database Functionality for Database Priest
- [ ] Create Hierarchy View (NPC List)
- [ ] Create Entity View (NPC Data)
- [ ] Create Workspace (Data Editor)

#### Closing off
Today was also quite productive!
Cleaned up the Agent classes and started work on creating UpdateLogs
for the Engineer and Priest to work with. I really streamlined
how the agents interact with the data and reduced the redundancy,
making for a much cleaner pile of code.

There is a new challenge to tackle for next time:
Create an autoincrement system that mirrors the functionality of 
the SQLite database for the DataSet.

Why?
We need a method of creating Primary Keys within the short-term storage
since creating new data relies on having already existing data, which
won't exist under primary key creation using only SQLite databases.

But alas! I feel tired, and know I accomplished much today.
There's always much to learn xD.