## Week of 2/1/22
### 4/1/2022
#### Getting Into It...
It's been a minute. I've been taking a slight break and working on other projects.
But I'm back now.

The reason for the extended break was because I was afraid and rather frustrated with
Issue #3. I was over complicating it (which I'm really good at btw), and adding
so many middlemen to the process, when I can just rely directly with the database
for retrieving information.

Easy, done.
I trialled it for the Grit Scale Test, and it works a charm. I just need to have
the Database Priest (SQL Manager) just have an open connection throughout
the project being loaded.

#### Goals
##### Starting Goals
- [x] Clean up Code
##### Added Goals
- [x] Load Data to Hierarchy 1 and 2
- [ ] Create Audio Player Prototype 
> Shit, I remember feeling smart with my UpdateLog Stuff. Now it's all obselete xD
Maybe I can save it to my hall of overcomplicated shit lmao.

>That's right! I remember creating the 'SqlitePriest.cs' object and just rage quitting
since I had been spending god know how many hours on a simple fix.

> [Spotify API.NET](https://johnnycrazy.github.io/SpotifyAPI-NET/docs/introduction)

#### Closing Off
Ok, so a pretty good day!
Cleaned up the code, and got data loading from the database to our data views.

Awesome.

Unfortunately, not much progress was made on the Audio Player Prototype.
I poured over a lot of sources and applied to Spotify Developer, but
other than that no tangible work was made.

Still progress!

Anyway, next time, I either want to get a more grounded understanding on what the
Spotify API.NET is trying to achieve, and how to use Spotify Developer to its fullest.

Later!
