## Week of 28-11-21
### 4/12/21
#### Going Into It
Today, I've decided to transition my 'project files' into a Github project.
It's just easier to keep track of 'To-Do' lists and other comments than having a thousand files.
So, I just need to use it.


I've also decided that I need to narrow the scope of my designs. Sure, it's pleasant to have a fully designed application,
but I need to focus on getting the NPC register complete.


That's todays task: To work on the NPC Regisers SQL Implementation.
#### Today's Goals
- Design NPC Relations
- Populate Database with Relations.
> It's going to be a day of writing SQL scripts and stuff

#### In Closing
Today, I learnt how SQLite data can be both written and read. While my initial goals weren't truly met, since the relations
have yet to be created, it was a very productive lesson and implementing some of the building blocks for the software.
WHile it's too early to say whether SQLite is going to be the only way of reading/writing data, it's a great start.

### This Week in Review
I worked on this project today out of the entire week. While I would've preferred to have done more, I am happy I got work
done today.
Moving forward, I would like to model the main objects better, and finally understand what a "Session" object actually consists of.
It's been evading me for some time, and I'd like to catch it.

Furthermore, I would like to migrate the NPC Register Solution to the Form found within the GMCM Solution.
I think it'd be better if it's found within the same solution so prototypes are easy to implement.
